Agreement on Managed Data Center Services


by and between

Wisniewski & Sohn GmbH
Hauptstraße 20,
74189 Weinsberg
– hereinafter referred to as “Contractor” or “SuP” –


and


F.UN Business Services GmbH
Musterstraße 33
22399 Hamburg

– hereinafter referred to as “F.UN” –

– both hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Contracting Parties” or “Parties” –


Preamble

F.UN requires managed data center services for the purpose of delivering services to its customers. F.UN is currently operating:

•	a Virtual Power Plant and Flexibility System,
•	an Energy Visualization and analytic tool,
•	an Energy-Efficiency Platform for automating data harvesting, data analysis, alarm management and automated business workflows,
•	a Remote operating Center and asset management system,
•	a Test and User Acceptance Test development environment for its development teams.

Several productive environments for external customers currently in UK, Germany, France, Italy, Poland, Netherlands and Russia.

For these and future purposes F.UN requires IT services from the Contractor, that are specified in this Agreement and its Annexes.
The Contractor is Wisniewski & Sohn GmbH (SuP).
The Contractor has experience in the performance of the requested IT services and is a renowned service provider in this field. The Contractor is able and willing to perform the IT services as requested by F.UN, and F.UN is willing to award the performance of such services to the Contractor.

The Parties agree that the existing Service Agreement between F.UN Connecting Energies GmbH and Contractor of May 2013 will be completely terminated upon conclusion of this Agreement and the Service Agreement of 2013 will entirely be replaced and succeeded by this Agreement. The termination shall become effective one day before the Service Commencement Date under this Agreement to enable a seamless continuation and adjustment of the Services previously provided under the Service Agreement of May 2013. The Remuneration for Services under the Service Agreement of May 2013 will be calculated pro rata temporis until the effective date of the termination.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the Contracting Parties enter into the following Agreement:

Part 1: Definitions and subject matter
1	Definitions
1.1	“Change” hereinafter refers to
1.	Major Enhancement Services and Minor Enhancement Services, Standard Service Requests, configurations, bug fixes and patches as well as each other change of the Contractor’s data center hardware infrastructure and the systems and applications of F.UN hosted thereon (“Contractor Service Change”)
2.	F.UN project updates, upgrades, new releases, bug fixes and patches as well as each change of a solution provided by F.UN (“F.UN Change”)
3.	updates, upgrades, new releases, bug fixes and patches as well as each change of the platform provided by third parties in their capacity as provider of standard soft- or hardware used in the context of the systems and applications of F.UN hosted on the Contractor’s data centers. (“Third Party Change”)
4.	any Change to be made to the Agreement, in particular, without limitation, to the Services, Service Levels, fees and other terms and conditions (“Contract Change”) as set forth in Annex 8-A.
to improve and/or remedy the data center and the F.UN systems hosted thereon and their security and functionalities.
1.2	“Change Management Process” has the meaning as set out in Annex 8-A.
1.3	“Documentation” refers to all documentation, which must be prepared and/or updated by the Contractor under this Agreement. The Documentation referred to here involves the documents more closely described in section 13.
1.4	“ECT” stands for F.UN Connecting Energies GmbH.
1.5	“EEP” stands for F.UN Energy Projects GmbH.
1.6	“Effective Date” shall have the meaning as given thereto in section 44.1.
1.7	“Enhancement” shall refer to Minor Enhancement and/or Major Enhancement Service.
1.8	“F.UN (SE) Group Companies” or “F.UN SE Group”, within the meaning of this Agreement, hereinafter refers to F.UN SE and all companies which are affiliated, either directly or indirectly –independent of the grade of ownership-, with F.UN SE, Pariser Platz 23, 45131 Essen. If a new company joins the F.UN SE Group, then upon its joining the F.UN SE Group, any such company will be deemed an F.UN Group Company within the meaning of this Agreement. If a company withdraws from the F.UN SE Group, then this company will continue to be viewed as an F.UN Group Company within the meaning of this Agreement after its withdrawal from the F.UN SE Group (i) for a period of 24 months or (ii) for an unlimited period of time if this company is affiliated, either directly or indirectly –independent of the grade of ownership-, with Uniper SE, F.UN Platz 1, 40479 Duesseldorf which, for the avoidance of doubt, itself shall be qualified as an F.UN SE Group Company within the meaning of this Agreement.
1.9	“Escalation Matrix” is defined in Annex 8.
1.10	“Escalation Process” is described in section 40.
1.11	“GDPR” stands for General Data Protection Regulation.
1.12	The meaning of “Incident” and its distinguishing priority level is described further in Annex 1.
1.13	“Local Invoice Recipient” shall have the meaning as given thereto in Annex 9.
1.14	“Local Order Form” shall have the meaning as given thereto in Annex 9.
1.15	“Local Service Agreement” shall have the meaning as given thereto in section 2.4.
1.16	“Local Services” shall have the meaning as given thereto in Annex 9.
1.17	“Major Enhancement Service” shall refer to the service as mentioned in section 2.13 and described further in the Agreement especially in sections 10 and 11 as well as all other accompanying services, deliverables, tools, processes, guidelines or goods which Contractor shall provide or has provided under the Agreement in regard to this service.
1.18	“Migration Service” shall refer to the service as mentioned in section 2.1 1 and described further in the Agreement especially in section 4 as well as all other accompanying services, deliverables, tools, processes, guidelines or goods which Contractor shall provide or has provided under the Agreement in regard to this service.
1.19	“Minor Enhancement” means any enhancement of the Contractor’s data centers and/or the systems and applications of F.UN hosted thereon with an estimate work load of up to 5 man-days / month provided as part of the Operation Service.
1.20	“Operation Service” shall refer to the service as mentioned in section 2 and described further in the Agreement especially in sections 3 to 9 as well as all other accompanying services, deliverables, tools, processes, guidelines or goods which Contractor shall provide or has provided under the Agreement in regard to this service.
1.21	“Price Sheet” shall refer to the price sheet as attached in Annex 3.
1.22	“Rate Card” refers to Annex 3.
1.23	“Release” refers to the implementation of one or more Changes in regard to the platform and/or solution.
1.24	“Mean Time To Repair (MTTR)” is the time, which is defined for the relevant Incident priority level and within which the Contractor is obligated to finally and fully remedy the relevant Incident including its cause.
1.25	“Service” shall refer to the, the Operation Service, the Migration Service and all other accompanying services, deliverables tools, processes, guidelines or goods which Contractor shall provide or has provided under the Agreement.
1.26	“Service Commencement Date” shall have the meaning as given thereto in section 44.2.
1.27	“  Service Level” means the agreement between Contractor and F.UN regarding the quality of the Services to be delivered.
1.28	“Service Management Tool” shall refer to the tools F.UN uses to track and organize the Service within the F.UN projects and operation teams as well as with the Contractor. Currently Jira, Confluence and redmine are used by F.UN.
1.29	“Service Portal” hereinafter refers to the different communication channels via which the Contractor can be reached. The Service Portal shall be sufficiently staffed with qualified employees and sufficient suitable equipment. The Service Portal refers to an English language Service Portal which serves as i) an Incident alerting system of the Contractor as used by F.UN and ii) F.UN’s preferred ticketing system for Standard Service Requests. The Service Portal must be open and available 24/7. The communication channels will be provided toll free.
1.30	“Service Time” hereinafter refers to the hours as defined in Annex 1.
1.31	“Standard Service Request” means any inquiries and services which are listed in Annex 1.
1.32	“Text Form” shall refer to the meaning pursuant to § 126b German Civil Code (BGB), whereby means of communication shall be used which are common in the business relation and are designated to have official contact which other companies (e.g. via email to the company email address) or the applicable Service Management Tool, to the extent reasonable in regard to the designated communication.
1.33	“Work Result”refers to all results and products which are created during the term and in the course of this Agreement insofar such results and/or products are not deemed to be the innovations or Documentation in the meaning of this Agreement.
1.34	“Written Form”, “in writing” or “written” shall refer to the meaning pursuant to § 126 German Civil Code (BGB)
1.35	In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the singular of a defined term shall include the plural and vice versa.

2	Subject Matter of Agreement
2.1	Under the terms of this Agreement, the Contractor is obligated, above all, to perform the following Services
1.	to migrate the systems and applications currently operated by F.UN or a former supplier, the data and the connectivity of all sites to the data centers of the Contractor and back to F.UN or another supplier (“Migration Services”),
2.	to operate the data centers for the requirements of F.UN, monitor all relevant components and take action to keep the systems running (“Operation Services”);
3.	to majorly enhance the capacity, computing power, memory, storage, network communication / internet access, services, support and to perform projects as requested by F.UN (“Major Enhancement Service”)
2.2	Operation Services are owed by Contractor upon Service Commencement Date. Migration Services are owed upon Effective Date and upon instruction by F.UN.
2.3	The general terms and conditions used by either Contracting Party will not apply in connection with this Agreement. The foregoing exclusion will also apply even if one Party does not expressly reject the general terms and conditions of the other Party.
2.4	F.UN may request Contractor to enter into a local service agreement with another F.UN Group Company (the “Local Service Agreement”) in accordance with the following provisions of this Section 2.4 (such other F.UN Group Company a Local Invoice Recipient in Annex 9).
Where requested by F.UN, the Parties shall, and F.UN shall cause the relevant local F.UN Group Company (as requested) to enter into a Local Service Agreement by signing a Local Order Form, both in materially the form of the template Local Service Agreement Terms set forth in Annex 9, which shall govern the performance of the the Local Services as defined in such template Local Service Agreement and which shall be governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement including all its Annexes and Attachments (unless to the extent otherwise set out in the Local Service Agreement). Each Party undertakes to procure that each Local Service Agreement includes, by way of explicit reference, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and that only deviations due to mandatory applicable law and/or stringent business requirements of a Local Invoice Recipient are made to the template Local Service Agreement Terms.
Annex 9 also contains a list of all Local Service Agreements which are concluded concurrently with Contract Change SZ_CC0001 to this Agreement.
2.5	For this Agreement, Contractor shall be the sole contracting party for the provision of the Services unless otherwise requested by F.UN. F.UN may request that a Local Service Agreement shall, by signing a Local Order Form, be entered into directly between Contractor and a Local Invoice Recipient.
Any change to a party to a Local Service Agreement can be made by way of the Contract Change Management Process set out in Annex 8-A.
2.6	Prior to the execution of a Local Service Agreement (other than those executed simultaneously with Contract Change SZ_CC0001 to this Agreement) between a Local Invoice Recipient and Contractor, both Parties shall evaluate and discuss in good faith all material legal and business impacts the Local Service Agreement may have on the performance of this Agreement and, in particular, on the performance of the Services and the fees and shall further make any amendments and changes which might become necessary.

 
Part 2: Services


3	Operation Services
Operation Services are all services in regard to the connectivity, safety, availability, maintenance, enhancement, modification, incident remedy and inquiry handling for the managed data centers as laid down further in sections 5 to 9 and in Annex 1.
